[Learning Path] Create personal website (#18616)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/partials/fundamentals/verify-email-address.mdx

---
{}
---

> For security reasons, Cloudflare attempts to verify the email address associated with your account. You cannot perform certain tasks within the Cloudflare dashboard - for example, [adding a new member](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/manage/#add-account-members) or [updating your communication preferences](/fundamentals/setup/account/customize-account/communication-preference/) - without verifying your email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security reasons, Cloudflare attempts to verify the email address associated with your account. You cannot perform certain tasks within the Cloudflare dashboard -- for example, [adding a new member](/fundamentals/setup/manage-members/manage/#add-account-members) or [updating your communication preferences](/fundamentals/setup/account/customize-account/communication-preference/) -- without verifying your email.
```

## When creating your account

When you first [create an account](/fundamentals/setup/account/create-account/), Cloudflare automatically sends a message to the email address you provided for your account.

To verify your email:

> 1. Log into your email provider and find your recent message from Cloudflare. If you cannot find the message, check your Spam folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to your email provider and find your recent message from Cloudflare. If you cannot find the message, check your Spam folder.
```

> 2. Click the link in the email.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Go to the link in the email.
```

> 3. Log into Cloudflare to verify the email address associated with your account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Log in to Cloudflare to verify the email address associated with your account.
```

:::note

If someone else used your email to sign up for a Cloudflare account, you can remove this account by going to our [unintended registration](https://dash.cloudflare.com/unintended-registration) page and entering the information at the end of your confirmation email.

:::

***

## Resend verification emails

If you cannot find your verification email or your email has expired, request another verification email:

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).
```

2. Go to **My Profile**.
3. For **Email Address**, select **Send verification email** (if this option is not available, your email has already been verified).

***

## Verification issues

If you experience issues with your verification link, you might have already verified your email address.

> To check:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check your verification:
```

> 1. Log into the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).
```

2. Go to **My Profile**.
3. For **Email Address**, your email address will have `(verified)` added after it.

> If your email is still not verified, try clicking the verification link in a different browser or an incognito window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your email is still not verified, try clicking the verification link in a different browser or a private window.
```
Browser-agnostic wording.
